in StarCraft 2 had as a helper injustice and must be the Ski Hofer guy
By the way, the aging space has cowboy and his buddy day as pretty
Findley
to optimize edged Möhringen with pears are displeasure
and here you can already see how class StarCraft 2 tells its story
namely with such cutscene Aufgebot the game graphics
In addition, there are sometimes slides
but usually it is worked
Green is chatting on his flagship empire with the Master
Warriors Fort Steering Coastal Majority
These lead staging sought strategy change of their kind for it
high praise announced
it is a disaster
SID
less in the narrative missions
spectacular
here there are usually only sayings with superimposed character pictures
trier
May on this calculator just always finds the right words
us star Pharell is attacked
but back to their return
PREGAS Raumkreuzer also serves as an atmospheric main menu for the
Campaign on the bridge wavy the next mission the plot
Although not so many uses are optional right
Below, each unlock which new uniform with the order
can bring settled bets to King Georg Fiedler, for example
also money with which I hire in the ship-Baden Merian mercenaries
These texts Rostock military units, however, are only
really useful on the higher levels of difficulty
In addition, I can in the bar
as in any room of return, chat with your coaches
she is said to be not very close to Chelsea
the moment all the time inside, playing with the damned ones
Oppenwehe there
the bike tour i need someone the just chosen idiom and
good manners the culprit does not mature properly
I have nothing against people having this plan before the 10
he is completely dr such diallo
but also in the heroes experience
My darling here, however, is the slot machine supposedly supposed to be from Dubai
may gamble
this has nothing to do with the Blizzard classic except the name
are you going to do my child
while arcade shooter and at the same time a proof of this
even with the foot grasp the level editor of StarCraft 2 even
such packages offshoot but what to let but now continue with our tour
through the periods
in the arsenal can not buy type 2 diabetes for each units Thalberg
also redeem with missions
which, for example, I take my heavy cruisers with the missile special attacks
give a flyer
as with the men the shield off
Last but not least, Werder still has the lab
if I meet in the goal and life goals velvety research group of
Variety dwarf or per suit
With that technology seems free
however, only one of two alternatives
Here, for example, I have the choice between the walls flier and who from the
Predecessor known research ship
after four victories
To see old friends again makes fun
especially the April buy the research increase the variety of the campaign
clear
because it unlocks new tactical possibilities
with the research ship, others like the animals react to
Example of this meadow tour with the Tigris just the Tatar base one
City and they are still a few old known
the women less
The Blizzard has also incorporated units into the campaign
Multiplayer mode no longer exists
the previous day as by the way not taxes instead I have those the bitches
Escort day with no western troops
this mission here is the exact opposite
I steer the hero similar to Porsch
which is supported by computer-controlled soldiers
although he actually would not need the help of the MRG killer
he can also throw nuclear bombs
Incidentally, before this order, I was allowed to decide if I would like Trau Schroeder Nuova
support
the ghost agents may know them as heroes of the frozen one
Consumption and Lizards plays StarCraft Ghost
depending on the choice for the niece other reward also denies for
other missions just with nova instead of doing research
that's a nice idea
just a pity that these times election occurs in the campaign only three times
Speaking of nice idea Blizzard has something for almost every use
to come up with something original
about this card about rolls a deadly of Erbach heat
To escape him must fall in love with a base again and again
by letting the intended take off move
that sounds easy, but at the same time I should also deep red Voß off
the way spaces that have nestled here
and of course there is even time in this mission
from her queen Kerrigan
the WLE research results from data centers women
So I have to check the building windows before they reach them
anyway, they test us like that
however, not all bets are really original
but above all, start
here for example, it is Kurdish refugee controlling
and here I keep my base hacked against hordes
on higher levels of difficulty that both of course right
but you know already from other games
some missions also focus on just one type of unit in
This mission gives it energy fields the Main bridges continuously
Life energy sucking off the teeth Cruisers consider the subject growing
That's why they are responsible for the offensive
Of course, the later mission also takes part in big battles
Mainwiesen polyphonic Irma Wait says our crashed spaceship
break through
The special consignors of the units are also involved
Example the siege ring mode the siege state Sa
the match will be the attack of the board
and we have Artur commune of heavy cruisers
The most exciting, however, are the four separate mission the campaign
profiled in the right direction 5 m square feature along with his photos
dark world
to come to grips
what it is not contracted by Zander
Betrayal photos and says
alone in Münster force